# Redis Object Cache for WordPress

A persistent object cache backend powered by Redis. Supports [HHVM's Redis extension](https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/tree/master/hphp/system/php/redis), the [PECL Redis Extension](https://github.com/phpredis/phpredis) and the [Predis](https://github.com/nrk/predis/) library for PHP.

Forked from Eric Mann's and Erick Hitter's [Redis Object Cache](https://github.com/ericmann/Redis-Object-Cache).


## Installation

For detailed installation instructions, please read the [standard installation procedure for WordPress plugins](http://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Installing_Plugins).

1. Make sure Redis in installed and running.
2. Install and activate plugin.
3. Enable the object cache under _Settings -> Redis_.
4. If necessary, adjust [connection parameters](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/redis-cache/other_notes/).

If you server doesn't support the [WordPress Filesystem API](https://codex.wordpress.org/Filesystem_API), you have to manually copy the `object-cache.php` file from the `/plugins/redis-cache/includes/` directory to the `/wp-content/` directory.


## Connection Parameters ==

By default the object cache drop-in will connect to Redis over TCP at `127.0.0.1:6379` and select database `0`.

To adjust the connection parameters, define the following constants in your `wp-config.php`.

* `WP_REDIS_CLIENT` [default: not set]

  Specifies the client used to communicate with Redis. Supports `hhvm`, `pecl` and `predis`.

* `WP_REDIS_SCHEME` [default: `tcp`]

  Specifies the protocol used to communicate with an instance of Redis. Internally the client uses the connection class associated to the specified connection scheme. Supports `tcp` (TCP/IP), `unix` (UNIX domain sockets) or `http` (HTTP protocol through Webdis).

* `WP_REDIS_HOST` [default: `127.0.0.1`]

  IP or hostname of the target server. This is ignored when connecting to Redis using UNIX domain sockets.

* `WP_REDIS_PORT` [default: `6379`]

  TCP/IP port of the target server. This is ignored when connecting to Redis using UNIX domain sockets.

* `WP_REDIS_PATH` [default: not set]

  Path of the UNIX domain socket file used when connecting to Redis using UNIX domain sockets.

* `WP_REDIS_DATABASE` [default: `0`]

  Accepts a numeric value that is used to automatically select a logical database with the `SELECT` command.

* `WP_REDIS_PASSWORD` [default: not set]

  Accepts a value used to authenticate with a Redis server protected by password with the `AUTH` command.

* `WP_REDIS_MAXTTL` [default: not set]

  Set maximum time-to-live (in seconds) for cache keys with an expiration time of `0`.


## Prefixing Cache Keys

The `WP_CACHE_KEY_SALT` constant is provided to add a prefix to all cache keys.

Users with setups where multiple installs share a common `wp-config.php` or `$table_prefix` can use this constant to guarantee uniqueness for the keys generated by this object cache.
